♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ AND IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN STARTS TO FALL ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
OH, MY GOD.
OH, MY... EXCUSE ME.
MOVE, MOVE, MOVE!
EMERGENCY, PLEASE.
EXCUSE ME,
EXCUSE ME, EXCUSE ME.
( yelling )
RACH!
THERE YOU ARE.
HEY.
HI.
OH, SO, SO...
HOW WAS CHINA?
YOU!
IT WAS, IT WAS GREAT.
OH, WHAT HAPPENED?
WHAT?
Y-YOU'RE BLEEDING.
I AM?
OH MY GOD.
OH, LOOK AT THAT.
YES, I AM.
ANYWAY,
ENOUGH ABOUT ME
MR. BACK-
FROM-THE-ORIENT.
COME ON, I WANT
TO HEAR EVERYTHING.
EVERYTHING.
WELL, UH,
WHERE DO I START?
UM, WELL,
THIS IS JULIE.
UH, JULIE,
THIS IS RACHEL.
HI.
UH... OH!
UH, THESE ARE...
THESE ARE...
AREN'T FOR YOU.
UH, THESE ARE FOR YOU.
[ENUNCIATING]
WELCOME TO OUR COUNTRY.
THANK YOU.
[ENUNCIATING]
I'M FROM NEW YORK.
OH, OKAY. SORRY.
WELL, NOT A PROBLEM.
WE'LL JUST USE THEM
TO STOP THE BLEEDING.
OKAY. UH, BAGGAGE CLAIM?
OKAY.
NO WAY.
I'M TELLING YOU,
SHE WENT TO THE AIRPORT
AND SHE'S GOING
TO GO FOR IT WITH ROSS.
OH, MY GOD.
THIS IS HUGE.
THIS IS BIGGER
THAN HUGE.
THIS IS LIKE... ALL RIGHT,
WHAT'S BIGGER THAN HUGE?
UM... THIS?
YES.
GUYS, YOU GOT NEW HAIRCUTS.
YES, YES, WE DID,
THANKS TO VIDAL BUFFAY.
'CAUSE, YOU KNOW,
IF YOU DON'T LOOK GOOD
WE DON'T LOOK GOOD.
I LOVE THAT VOICE.
WHOA.
OH.
( panting ):
AIRPORT! AIRPORT!
ROSS... NOT ALONE!
JULIE...
ARM AROUND HER!
OH... CRAMP!
CRAMP! CRAMP!
OKAY, I THINK SHE'S TRYING
TO TELL US SOMETHING.
QUICK,
GET THE VERBS.
OW.
YOU... YOU, YOU
SAID HE LIKED ME.
YOU, YOU...
YOU SLOWPOKES!
THAT'S ALL RIGHT, RACH.
WE GOT THE BAGS.
HI. HELLO.
JULIE, THIS IS
MY SISTER, MONICA.
THIS IS
CHANDLER.
HEY.
PHOEBE, HI.
JOEY, WHAT UP?
OKAY, EVERYONE,
THIS IS JULIE.
JULIE.
All:
OH...
HI!
HEY!
HI. I'M NOT HERE.
I'LL MAKE A MUCH BETTER
FIRST IMPRESSION TOMORROW
WHEN I DON'T HAVE 20 HOURS
OF CAB AND PLANE ON ME.
AND BUS.
OH, MY GOD. THAT...
THE SCREAMING GUY?
AND THE SPITTING?
Ross:
YOU GOT
TO HEAR THIS STORY.
WE'RE ON THIS BUS
THAT'S EASILY 200
YEARS OLD, RIGHT?
AND THIS GUY...
AND THE CHICKEN
POOPS IN HER LAP.
OH, I'M SO SORRY.
I JUST GAVE AWAY THE
ENDING, DIDN'T I?
OH, IT'S JUST I JUST HEARD
THIS STORY IN THE CAB
AND IT IS ALL I CAN THINK ABOUT.
THIS IS AMAZING.
I MEAN, HOW..?
HOW DID THIS HAPPEN?
WE WERE IN GRAD SCHOOL
TOGETHER.
BUT WE HAVEN'T SEEN
EACH OTHER SINCE THEN.
WELL, I LAND IN CHINA.
GUESS WHO'S IN CHARGE
OF THE DIG?
JULIE!
ISN'T THAT GREAT?
I MEAN, ISN'T THAT
JUST KICK-YOU-IN-THE-CROTCH
SPIT-ON-YOUR-NECK FANTASTIC?
IT'S AN EXPRESSION.
WE JUST WANTED TO SAY
A QUICK HI
THEN WE'RE GOING
TO GO SEE THE BABY.
AND THEN, WE'VE GOT
TO GET SOME SLEEP.
YEAH. IT'S REALLY 6:00
TOMORROW NIGHT OUR TIME.
OKAY, WELL, LISTEN,
DON'T TELL US
WHAT'S GOING
TO HAPPEN THOUGH,
'CAUSE I LIKE
TO BE SURPRISED.
BYE.
RACH, CAN I GET
SOME COFFEE?
YEAH, SURE.
HEY, RACH.
DID YOU TALK
TO HIM?
NO.
THEN NO.
SO, WHAT THE HELL
HAPPENED TO YOU IN CHINA?
I MEAN, WHEN LAST
WE LEFT YOU
YOU WERE TOTALLY IN
LOVE WITH... YOU KNOW.
I KNOW, I KNOW I WAS
BUT THERE WAS ALWAYS
THIS LITTLE VOICE INSIDE
THAT KEPT SAYING,
"IT'S NEVER GOING TO HAPPEN.
MOVE ON," AND YOU KNOW
WHOSE VOICE THAT WAS?
GOD?
IT WAS YOU, PAL.
WELL, MAYBE IT
WAS GOD DOING ME.
LOOK, YOU WERE RIGHT,
OKAY?
SHE LOOKS AT ME
AND SEES A FRIEND
THAT'S ALL,
AND THEN,
I MET JULIE
AND WE'RE HAVING A GREAT TIME
AND I HAVE TO SAY
I NEVER WOULD HAVE
GONE FOR IT WITH HER
IF IT HADN'T BEEN FOR YOU.
WELL, YOU OWE
ME ONE, BIG GUY.
HERE'S YOUR LEMONADE.
I DIDN'T ORDER LEMONADE.
OH. WELL, THEN
YOU BETTER GO TAKE THAT BACK
'CAUSE THEY'RE GOING
TO CHARGE YOU FOR THAT.
BUT...
GO, GO, GO, GO, GO.
COME ON, COME ON.
OKAY, SO, UH,
WHAT DID YOU FIND OUT?
HE SAID...
HE SAID THEY'RE
HAVING A GREAT TIME.
I'M SORRY.
WHAT?
BUT...
THE SILVER LINING
IF YOU WANT TO SEE IT
IS THAT HE MADE THIS
DECISION ALL BY HIMSELF
WITHOUT ANY OUTSIDE
HELP WHATSOEVER.
HOW IS THAT
A SILVER LINING?
YOU HAVE TO REALLY
WANT TO SEE IT.
( crowd cheering )
IRONICALLY,
THESE ARE THE GUYS
WHO WERE PICKED LAST IN GYM.
HEY, PHEEBS.
YOU KNOW WHAT
I'M THINKING?
OH, OKAY.
HOW...
IT'S BEEN SO LONG
SINCE YOU'VE HAD SEX
YOU'RE WONDERING
IF THEY'VE CHANGED IT?
NO, ALTHOUGH NOW
THAT'S WHAT I'M THINKING.
SO, WHAT WERE
YOU THINKING?
WELL, I WAS THINKING
THAT YOU GAVE THE GUYS
SUCH GREAT HAIRCUTS
I THOUGHT MAYBE
YOU'D LIKE TO DO MINE.
OH. NO.
WHY NOT?
BECAUSE I'M JUST...
I'M INCREDIBLY ANAL
AND AN UNBELIEVABLE
CONTROL FREAK.
NO, YOU'RE NOT.
I KNOW I'M NOT, BUT YOU ARE
AND I WAS TRYING
TO SPARE YOUR FEELINGS.
( phone ringing )
Joey:
HELLO?
OH, HI.
YEAH, HOLD ON A SEC.
ROSS, JULIE, FOR YOU.
HELLO? HI.
HEY, ANYBODY KNOW A GOOD TAILOR?
YOU NEED SOME
CLOTHES ALTERED?
NO, I'M JUST
LOOKING FOR A MAN
TO DRAW ON ME
WITH CHALK.
WHY DON'T YOU GO
SEE FRANKIE?
MY FAMILY'S BEEN
GOING TO HIM FOREVER.
HE DID MY FIRST
SUIT WHEN I WAS 15.
NO, WAIT. 16.
NO. EXCUSE ME. 15.
ALL RIGHT, WHEN WAS 1990?
OKAY, YOU HAVE
TO STOP THE Q-TIP
WHEN THERE'S
RESISTANCE.
OKAY, OKAY, SWEETHEART
I'LL SEE YOU LATER.
OKAY, BYE. WHAT?
OH, THAT IS SO SWEET.
NO, NO, OKAY.
NO, YOU HANG UP.
NO, YOU... OKAY.
OKAY. ONE, TWO, THREE.
WELL, YOU DIDN'T
HANG UP EITHER.
Both:
SHE DIDN'T HANG UP EITHER.
OKAY, NO.
NO, YOU HANG UP.
YOU. YOU. Y...
I'M SORRY, I THOUGHT
YOU WERE TALKING TO ME.
RACHEL...
I'LL JUST CALL HER BACK.
OKAY.
OKAY, OKAY, OKAY, OKAY,
HOW DID THIS HAPPEN TO ME?
A WEEK AGO, TWO WEEKS AGO,
I WAS FINE.
ROSS WAS JUST ROSS.
JUST THIS GUY.
NOW, ALL OF A SUDDEN,
HE'S ROSS...
OH, THIS REALLY GREAT GUY
THAT I CAN'T HAVE.
SWEETIE, I WANTED
YOU TO HAVE HIM TOO.
I KNOW YOU DID.
I'M JUST GOING
TO DEAL WITH IT.
( kissing sounds )
I GOT TO GET
OUT OF HERE.
OKAY, I DON'T CARE
WHAT YOU GUYS SAY.
SOMETHING IS
BOTHERING HER.
YOU KNOW, I
THINK I WAS 16.
PLEASE. JUST A LITTLE BIT
OFF THE BACK?
UM, I'M STILL ON NO.
UH, MORNING.
HEY.
COULD YOU CLOSE YOUR EYES
FOR A SEC?
OH, NO, NO.
I'M NOT FALLING
FOR THAT AGAIN.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WELL, I SORT OF DID
A STUPID THING LAST NIGHT.
WHAT STUPID THING
DID YOU DO?
BONGIORNO, TUTTI!
EW!
PAOLO, GO
GET DRESSED
AND YOU BE ON YOUR WAY.
OKAY. BYE-BYE.
RACHEL, HOW DID
THIS HAPPEN?
I JUST KIND OF
RAN INTO HIM LAST NIGHT.
WHERE?
AT HIS APARTMENT.
IS THIS JUICE?
WHOA, WHOA.
AND THE FACT
THAT YOU DUMPED HIM
'CAUSE HE HIT
ON PHOEBE?
OH, GOD, I KNOW I'M PATHETIC.
I'M A LOSER.
HONEY, YOU'RE NOT PATHETIC.
YOU'RE JUST... YOU'RE SAD.
YEAH, PEOPLE DO STUPID
THINGS WHEN THEY'RE UPSET.
MY GOD, IF I HAD A NICKEL
FOR EVERY GUY
I WISH I HADN'T...
BUT THIS IS ABOUT
YOUR HORRIBLE MISTAKE.
HI.
HEY.
SORRY WE'RE LATE.
WE WERE, UH...
WELL, THERE WAS TOUCHING.
HEY...
OH...
HEY, ROSS!
PAOLO.
WHAT A...
WHAT, UH,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
I DO RACQUELA.
AH.
SO, UH, HE'S BACK.
YEAH, HE'S BACK.
IS THAT A PROBLEM?
NO. NOT A PROBLEM.
GOOD. GLAD IT'S NOT A PROBLEM.
OKAY, YOU'RE GOING TO
HAVE TO NOT TOUCH MY ASS.
WELL...
DESPITE
THE YUMMY BAGELS
AND PALPABLE TENSION
I'VE GOT PANTS
THAT NEED TO BE ALTERED.
HEY, CHANDLER,
WHEN YOU SEE FRANKIE
TELL HIM JOEY TRIBBIANI
SAYS HELLO.
HE'LL KNOW WHAT IT MEANS.
YOU SURE HE'S GOING
TO BE ABLE TO CRACK THAT CODE?
YOU KNOW, IT'S FUNNY,
THE LAST TIME PAOLO WAS HERE
MY HAIR
WAS SO MUCH SHORTER AND CUTER.
ALL RIGHT.
OKAY, BUT, BUT
YOU HAVE TO PROMISE THAT
YOU WILL NOT BE ALL
CONTROL-Y AND BOSSY
AND ALL, YOU KNOW,
MONICA ABOUT IT.
I PROMISE.
ALL RIGHT, LET'S SEE.
NOW, SOME OF YOU
ARE GOING TO GET CUT
AND SOME OF YOU AREN'T
BUT I PROMISE, NONE OF
YOU WILL FEEL A THING.
OKAY.
ALL RIGHT, THAT'S IT.
I QUIT.
WHAT? I DIDN'T SAY ANYTHING.
YEAH, BUT THIS
ISN'T THE FACE
OF A PERSON
WHO TRUSTS A PERSON, OKAY?
THIS IS THE FACE OF A PERSON
WHO, YOU KNOW,
DOESN'T TRUST A PERSON.
I'M SORRY.
SORRY, PHOEBE.
IT'S JUST, WELL,
IT'S JUST A LITTLE SHORTER
THAN WHAT
WE HAD DISCUSSED.
WOULD YOU RELAX?
I KNOW WHAT I AM DOING.
THIS IS HOW HE WEARS IT.
HOW WHO WEARS IT?
DEMI MOORE.
DEMI MOORE IS NOT A HE.
WELL, HE WAS A HE
IN ARTHUR AND IN TEN.
THAT'S DUDLEY MOORE.
I SAID I WANTED IT
LIKE DEMI MOORE.
OH. OH!
OH, MY GOD!
OH, MY GOD.
I'M SORRY! I'M SORRY! I'M SORRY!
WHICH ONE IS DEMI MOORE?
SHE'S THE ACTRESS
THAT WAS IN DISCLOSURE
INDECENT PROPOSAL, GHOST.
OH. OH, SHE'S GOT
GORGEOUS HAIR.
I KNOW!!!
OH, GOD!
HOW LONG DO YOU
WANT THE CUFFS?
AH, AT LEAST AS LONG
AS I HAVE THE PANTS.
I JUST GOT THAT.
OKAY, NOW WE'LL
DO YOUR INSEAM.
HOW IS SHE?
IT'S TOO SOON TO TELL.
SHE'S RESTING,
WHICH IS A GOOD SIGN.
HOW'S THE HAIR?
I'M NOT GOING
TO LIE TO YOU, ROSS.
IT DOESN'T
LOOK GOOD.
I PUT A CLIP ON ONE SIDE
WHICH SEEMS TO HAVE
STOPPED THE CURLING.
WELL, CAN WE SEE HER?
YOUR HAIR LOOKS TOO GOOD.
IT WOULD UPSET HER.
ROSS, WHY DON'T
YOU COME ON IN?
WELL, HOW ARE
YOU DOING?
I'M OKAY.
OH, THAT BAD, HUH?
WHAT?
LOOK, RACH, I CAN SENSE
WHEN WOMEN ARE DEPRESSED
AND VULNERABLE.
IT'S ONE OF MY GIFTS.
SIT.
( sighing )
OH, JOEY,
WHEN I SAW HIM
GET OFF THAT PLANE
WITH HER
I REALLY THOUGHT
I HAD JUST HIT ROCK BOTTOM
BUT TODAY, IT'S LIKE
THERE'S ROCK BOTTOM
50 FEET OF CRAP,
THEN ME.
YOU GOT TO TELL
ROSS HOW YOU FEEL.
HOW CAN I JUST TELL HIM?
WHAT ABOUT JULIE?
WHAT ABOUT HER? THEY'VE ONLY
BEEN GOING OUT FOR TWO WEEKS.
ROSS HAS BEEN
IN LOVE WITH YOU
FOR, LIKE, TEN YEARS.
I DON'T KNOW.
LOOK, RACH, RACH
I'VE BEEN WITH
MY SHARE OF WOMEN.
IN FACT, I'VE BEEN WITH A LOT
OF PEOPLE'S SHARE OF WOMEN.
BUT THE POINT IS,
I'VE NEVER FELT ABOUT ANYONE
THE WAY ROSS FELT ABOUT YOU.
YO, PAISAN.
CAN I TALK TO YOU
FOR A SEC?
YOUR TAILOR IS A VERY BAD MAN.
FRANKIE? WHAT
ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
HEY, WHAT'S
GOING ON?
JOEY'S TAILOR...
TOOK ADVANTAGE OF ME.
WHAT?
NO WAY.
I'VE BEEN GOING TO THE GUY
FOR 12 YEARS.
HE SAID HE WAS GOING
TO DO MY INSEAM.
THEN HE RAN HIS HAND
UP MY LEG
AND THEN,
THERE WAS DEFINITE...
WHAT?
CUPPING.
THAT'S HOW THEY DO PANTS.
FIRST THEY GO UP
ONE SIDE,
THEY MOVE IT OVER
THEN THEY GO UP
THE OTHER SIDE
THEY MOVE IT BACK,
AND THEN THEY DO THE REAR.
WHAT?
ROSS, WILL YOU TELL HIM?
ISN'T THAT HOW A TAILOR
MEASURES PANTS?
YES, YES, IT IS-- IN PRISON!
WHAT'S THE MATTER
WITH YOU?
WHAT?
THAT'S NOT..?
OH, MY GOD.
EVEN MARY TYLER MOORE
WOULD HAVE BEEN BETTER.
WELL, I LIKE IT.
YEAH, I DO.
I THINK IT'S A TEN.
( cracking up )
THANK YOU.
MY HAIR IS VERY AMUSED.
OH, COME ON, MONICA.
THINGS COULD BE WORSE.
I MEAN, UH...
YOU COULD GET CAUGHT
BETWEEN THE MOON
AND NEW YORK CITY.
I KNOW IT'S CRAZY,
BUT IT'S TRUE.
( laughing )
THANK YOU.
WELL, I GOT TO GO. BYE.
SEE YA.
BYE, RACH.
OH, WAIT.
ARE, ARE YOU LEAVING
THAT'S KIND OF
WHAT I MEANT BY "BYE."
WELL, UH, COULD I
TALK TO YOU FOR A SEC?
OKAY.
HEY, WHEN THE DOCTOR
DOES THAT HERNIA TEST..?
THAT'S OKAY.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
UM...
WELL, UM, OKAY,
FIRST OF ALL...
PAOLO AND I
ARE NOT BACK TOGETHER.
THAT WAS JUST
A STUPID THING THAT I DID
AND IF I COULD
GO BACK IN TIME
AND DO IT AGAIN,
WELL, I WOULDN'T.
( clearing throat )
UM... SECOND OF ALL...
WHAT?
OKAY.
BEFORE YOU SAY ANYTHING
I JUST NEED TO KNOW
IS THIS ONE OF THOSE THINGS
WHERE YOU BREAK UP WITH A GUY
AND THEN I TELL YOU WHAT
I THINK, AND THEN,
THE NEXT DAY, YOU GET
BACK TOGETHER WITH THE GUY
AND I LOOK LIKE
A COMPLETE IDIOT?
NO, NO, NO,
NO, NO, NO.
OKAY, UM, WELL, THEN,
I THINK THE GUY'S SCUM.
I HATE HIM.
I MEAN, I ACTU...
I-I PHYSICALLY HATE HIM.
YOU KNOW? I ALWAYS HAVE,
AND YOU, YOU ARE...
YOU'RE WAY TOO GOOD TO
BE WITH A GUY LIKE THAT.
REALLY?
YOU DESERVE TO
BE WITH SOMEONE
WHO APPRECIATES
YOU, YOU KNOW
AND WHO GETS HOW...
HOW FUNNY
AND SWEET
AND AMAZING
AND ADORABLE AND...
SEXY YOU ARE,
YOU KNOW?
SOMEONE WHO WAKES
UP EVERY MORNING
THINKING, "OH, MY GOD.
I'M, I-I'M WITH RACHEL!"
YOU KNOW? SOMEONE WHO
MAKES YOU FEEL GOOD.
LIKE THE WAY
I DO WITH JULIE.
WAS THERE A...
A "SECOND OF ALL"?
UH...
NO. UM,
I THINK THAT WAS
THE WHOLE ALL.
I GOT TO GO.
OKAY? OKAY.
THANKS.
OKAY.
BYE.
NO, I SWEAR TO GOD, DAD,
THAT'S NOT HOW
THEY MEASURE PANTS.
I SEE IT A LITTLE SHORTER...
YOU KNOW, LIKE
ANDIE McDOWELL'S
NEW HAIRCUT?
OH, I COULD DO THAT.
REALLY?
YEAH.
WANT TO DO IT NOW?
GREAT.
OKAY.
SEE YOU.
BYE.
OKAY, I WANT TO MAKE
REALLY SURE THIS TIME.
ANDIE McDOWELL
IS THE GIRL
FROM FOUR WEDDINGS
AND A FUNERAL, RIGHT?
NO.
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
THAT'S RODDY McDOWELL.
ANDIE McDOWELL IS THE GUY
FROM PLANET OF THE APES.
OH, YEAH.
THANK YOU.
YOU'RE WELCOME.